Giap
Copilot, a great example of a futuristic vision
becoming reality is our github
copilot.
OK,
Github Copi.
The copilot is a tool built in into the code editor.
It is capable of writing code itself based on
the code you have already written in your project.
So whatever code you have written already based on that,
it will suggest like you you can it it
will all automatically generate a code based on the
existing code. The one thing you need to do is a type of functioning.
You just have to type a functioning
or sub comments
and Copilot will automatically fill in the implementation,
the tool processes the user input in the cloud. So how
gap
provide works? It,
it takes the input it give in in the
cloud and come back with the snippet that you expect
you, you can either you can accept the code,
you can decline or ask for further solution suggestion.
So whatever code generation happens. So le le let's say I'm writing
a, a prompt sign
that uh write a write a code for adding two numbers.
So I'll just write, write a function for add two numbers.
So it it will based on my prompt, it would suggest me some code either I can I,
if it is satisfying my requirement, I'll accept it.
If it is not such, that's fine. I can decline it.
Or else if I want some more suggestion for, for planet in the code, I can uh also
request
for solution suggestions. Ok. Giap
Copilot was introduced by github
Microsoft on 29th, June 2021. This tool is powered by open
A I
GP T three, which is a language production model
designed to generate humanlike text
grey
is the most advanced auto gray
model created by mankind.
And A I itself was trained on publicly available code from
github
or whatever public repositories we had in our github
based on that this tool was played OK.
In practice it, it, it's doing surprisingly well.
It's not like most of those annoying codes
packages.
It's actually not annoying at all.
I often forget that I even have it running in my code editor. OK?
So it, it does not interfere much with your workflow if you don't like any code
copilot's input.
OK.
As I already said,
if you don't like the suggestion which uh copilot testing can just simply ignore it,
decline it and it can carry on with your activity.
So
this despite my initial suspicion in the end, I was
uh I amazed that this is a tool can be really useful.
It makes the biggest impression only after spending some time with it.
So as the the more you give the input to the tool, it gets straight
and it, it
gives you the accurate example, accurate code
in the next prompt, like next suggestions on which. OK.
So the more you spend time with the tool, it the the accurate code
code generation would happen in your, in your remaining activities. OK?
So it it helps developer to write code. The main features of
gup
Copilot is it helps developers to write code double. Should the
op fix the issues, find the bugs in your code, streamline, the development process,
it supports varieties of programming language including Python javascript to be
Ja
uh Java CC play plus
Z
trusts and so on.
So there are a few listed programming unit but apart from that,
it also supports various others programming language as well.
So how does
github
Copilot work?
OK. It can suggest complete lines of code or entire function
by analyzing how your code has written.
So whatever you have imported or whatever you have in uh
whatever projects code you have already
input it.
So based on the code,
it will try to read and it will analyze
the code and it will suggest the new code snippet
gitter
copyright can assemble code from user comment.
It predicts your code by just reading the function's name.
OK?
By reading the function's name, you have declared,
it allows you to cycle through alternate suggestions, manual edited,
edit the suggested code, it auto fills repetitive code or create
unit test case for your methods. OK?
So first push, push code and text on the internet.
So first uh and then it will be passing on to the open A I CO codex model.
OK?
So then it will, it will like uh
get
a
copilot service would be available on in the github.
So first, it would provide the suggestion,
they were uh prompt you have written.
So based on that, it would provide the suggestion. If it is acce accepted,
it will provide uh give the feedback back to the get
up
and uh it will, if it is declined, it will get, it will get some more uh
new or like uh other suggestions to the users. OK.
So it, it also takes an improvement suggestion provides a little context to the
users. OK? So this is how the github
copilot works.
Next is some benefits versus limitations of the github
copilot.
The first is increased productivity.
The what what benefits you are achieving is increased productivity,
saves time and effort,
increase content in unfamiliar areas like it will enhance your productivity.
Copilot office
real time code suggestion,
which can speed up your coding process can be
especially helpful for repetitive task or boring things like
boilerplate codes. So it will, it will help you to
uh when whenever you want to repeat the code
or if you want to eliminate the reputation code
case it would be very helpful to increase your activity.
And the advantage of using Copilot includes saving
time providing the start point for the programmers.
Even though programmer is not very familiar with that particular language using
KC, they can train and they can, they can learn, they can write the code quick,
easy and it it can the time would be also set.
Copilot supports wide range of programming language
making it versatile for different projects.
With A I driven suggestion,
there are potential reduction in semantical and logical error
which enhance code quality and
reading.
OK. Encre uh encourages exclusion and innovation for big
Copilot can serve a learning tool by suggesting best
practices offering code snippet they might not be familiar with
even though it, it has lots of benefits apart from it,
it it also has some limitations like privacy concern, privacy and security.
Some developers may worry about sharing their code with an A I. Even if github
as shows that the code has been used responsibly
over
resilience.
There is a risk that developer might become over really resilient to the
copa potentially stunting there
organized coding skill,
copyright considerations, nexus
opportunities, experimentations. They there there have been concerns about
copilot suggesting code that might be copyrighted or not appropriate license
with auto
suggestion at hand.
Developer might opt for the first suggestion without considering
if it is there any other best solution available.
Code coding isn't just about getting the job
done the way someone codes the style and the
nuns can also get lost if you rely too much on the A I
too.
OK. So the few limitations of guitar co-pilot,
some best practices of uh guitar copilot
it, a
copilot is a tool that can,
that can help you to speed up your work.
Eliminating the redundancy code, inspire you to try new solutions.
A is are,
are great at understanding natural languages, you can describe what you want and
github will generate the code solution at your problem
in whatever programming language you need.
But you have to provide a clear and destructive
content the way we discussed in the prompt engineering.
Uh It it understand context,
remember what you said previously and will establish an ongoing
collaboration with you with a lot of back and foot.
OK? With good guidance. In eight out of 10 cases, get up, get up rights would quote
as you use github
copilot, it learns from your pattern and correction makes to its suggestion,
take the time to correct and provide feedback.
OK?
So even though the code has been generated,
you have to spend some time to validate your code.
Provide a feedback on a ac inaccuracy and incorrect suggest
for that it it would help improve the A I model
over time and benefiting not just you but also bo developer community
by Copilot can be a safe timing tool.
Avoid blindly copy pasting the code without
understanding its proper and functionality OK.
Take the time to review the code generated code slipped, understand their imp
uh amplification and verify that they aligned with your designed behavior
because
this
prevents potential bulk and unintended
consequence in your code.
OK. So that your best practices
we have while we have to follow while using the
github copilot.